[Music]
You say damn it all the
things I have left to say to him for
commenting for talking for sharing and
how many things he has left
behind with all the
beautiful future that he was going to have with Raquel
Mosquera no because even I think that
Pedro deep down because he loved
his daughter very much so it's normal
and deep down I thought well let's see if
someday it will be fixed but I saw it very
complicated because she didn't make
things easy she wouldn't have sources and
the man who is with her currently and it's
hard for me to say that a man
because boy gives me like YouTube I don't
like that man I'm the same he's not an
excellent person but the performance that they
have this whole thing is very macabre do you
believe a lot of people clear side of the
number look Rocío Carrasco has
always been dependent
and her father wanted her to be
independent
that he helped her but that they talk to her about her
future and also in her personal life
and in her affections she shouldn't be so
dependent that she have
the ovaries that it takes
to have a relationship because now it
seems that she has ovaries to get involved
with everyone  world her media family
in memory of her father the memory of
her mother how she crushes her little brothers
how she crushes her own children for
that is a brave new for Rocío that
is not in a brave
[Music]